There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. - Jenn Proske
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
The most important thing in the world is family and love. - John Wooden
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were. - Richard Bach
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love. - Bryant H. McGill
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. - Mignon McLaughlin
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. - Theodore Hesburgh
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. - John Keats
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. - Rumi
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love. - Max Muller
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you. - Loretta Young
Love is the beauty of the soul. - Saint Augustine
True love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Never make a decision when you are upset, sad, jealous or in love. - Mario Teguh
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself. - Josh Billings
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die. - Maya Angelou
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. - Hubert H. Humphrey
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night. - A. J. McLean
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. - Oscar Wilde
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. - Mother Teresa
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail. - Kinky Friedman
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. - Brian Tracy
